README.md, before:

# Personal Projects
A collection of personal projects in Python and SQL bigquery

## Data Visualization Package
A Python package that contains classes for handling data, formatting, plotting, annotationing, and captioniing of matplotlib/seaborn figures. There is a general plot class that supplies inhertance for the bar and line plot classes. 

## BigQuery - SQL queries for NYC Open Data
Practice working with Google BigQuery while using NYC Open Data to answer questions such as the longest CitiBike ride, how dangerous it is to ride a bike in New York (very, especially in BK!), and which addresses get the most noise complaints in my neighborhood. 

## Comment Analyzer 
NLP early work into the numerical analysis of sentiment of my own teacher comments. Identification of good and bad comments as well as NMF for topic modeling from several years of comments. 

## Bootcamp, Graduate School, Job Application Tech Assessments. 
Various types and styles of questions I've been asked for technical assessments for admission and interviews. I've learned a lot from working on these and even more from reviewing them periodically.

Commit message:

Updates to MVP ml_test_tool

README.md, after:

# Personal Projects
A collection of personal projects in Python and SQL bigquery

## ML Test Tool
A python class for general testing of a supervised machine learning task. Calculates metrics and stores results in a dictionary for customizable sorting by metric. Includes functionality for scaling and immpute values. 

## Data Visualization Package
A Python package that contains classes for handling data, formatting, plotting, annotationing, and captioniing of matplotlib/seaborn figures. There is a general plot class that supplies inhertance for the bar and line plot classes. Can be found in `development_graph_package` directory

## BigQuery - SQL queries for NYC Open Data
Practice working with Google BigQuery while using NYC Open Data to answer questions such as the longest CitiBike ride, how dangerous it is to ride a bike in New York (very, especially in BK!), and which addresses get the most noise complaints in my neighborhood. 

## Comment Analyzer 
NLP early work into the numerical analysis of sentiment of my own teacher comments. Identification of good and bad comments as well as NMF for topic modeling from several years of comments. 

## Bootcamp, Graduate School, Job Application Tech Assessments. 
Various types and styles of questions I've been asked for technical assessments for admission and interviews. I've learned a lot from working on these and even more from reviewing them periodically.
